schools in Victorian times were very
different to schools now boys and girls
got taught different subjects and
teachers was stricter than they are
today
at the beginning of Victorian times many
children got a little or no school
because people had to pay for education
into 1891 many children especially in
poor families could not go to school in
richer families children were usually
taught at home by a governor inside the
classroom children had to sit in rows
and they were made to sit up straight
they learnt things by copying them down
on a blackboard girls and boys learned
different subjects girls were taught
sewing and cooking because they were
expected to be house maids boys were
taught maths woodwork and technology in
drawing in Victorian times young
children rose and slits because paper
was expensive
older children use ink pens which was
filled with from inkwell so that they
had to be very careful with their
handwriting Victorian children did not
have PE lessons like we have today but
used to do exercises at their desks led
by the teacher at playtime they used to
play games like hopscotch and
hide-and-seek at school children were
always expected to be on their best
behaviour and if not they were often
punished with the kid if a teacher
thought they weren't working fast enough
they would make them stand in the corner
with the dunces calf on their head there
are many differences between schools and
Victorian times and schools today in
Victorian times there were up to 80
children in
and class now classes are much smaller
and children study more subjects